Aspire masstransit sample (#193)
dotnet/aspire-samples: samples/AspireWithMasstransit/README.md

---
languages:
- csharp
products:
- dotnet
- dotnet-aspire
page_type: sample
name: ".NET Aspire Masstransit sample"
urlFragment: "aspire-dapr"
description: "An example of how to integrate Masstransit into a .NET Aspire app."
---

# Integrating Masstransit into a .NET Aspire application

> This sample demonstrates an approach for integrating [Masstransit](https://masstransit.io/) into a .NET Aspire application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample demonstrates an approach for integrating [MassTransit](https://masstransit.io/) into a .NET Aspire application.
```

## Pre-requisites

- [.NET 8 SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/dotnet/8.0)
- [Docker Desktop](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop/)
- **Optional** [Visual Studio 2022 17.9 Preview](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/vs/preview/)

## Running the app

If using Visual Studio, open the solution file `AspireWithMasstransit.sln` and launch/debug the `AspireWithMasstransit.AppHost` project.

If using the .NET CLI, run `dotnet run` from the `AspireWithMasstransit.AppHost` directory.

## Experiencing the app

Once the app is running, the .NET Aspire dashboard will launch in your browser:

> Navigate to http://localhost:5421 in the browser to publish some messages.

Reviewer: Prefer the HTTPS address:
```suggestion
Navigate to https://localhost:7442 in the browser to publish some messages.
```
